fix multi channel demo description (#2429)
openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo: demos/multi_channel_face_detection_demo/cpp/README.md

    -u                           Optional. List of monitors to show initially.
```

Running the application with an empty list of options yields the usage message given above and an error message.

For example, to run the demo with the pre-trained face detection model on CPU, with one single camera, use the following command:

```sh
./multi_channel_face_detection_demo -m <path_to_model>/face-detection-retail-0004.xml -d CPU -i 0
```

To run the demo using two recorded video files, use the following command:

```sh
./multi_channel_face_detection_demo -m <path_to_model>/face-detection-retail-0004.xml -d CPU -i <path_to_file>/file1,<path_to_file>/file2
```

Video files will be processed simultaneously.

### Input Video Sources

> General parameter for input video source is `-i`. Use it to specify video files or web cameras as input video sources. You can also run the demo on web cameras and video files simultaneously by specifying both parameters: `-i <webcam_id0>,<webcam_id1>,<video_file1>,<video_file2>` with paths to webcams and video files separated by a comma. To run the demo with a single input source(a web camera or a video file), but several channels, specify an additional parameter, `duplicate_num`, for example: `-duplicate_num 3`. You will see four channels: one real and three duplicated. With several input sources, the `-duplicate_num` parameter will duplicate each of them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
General parameter for input source is `-i`. You can run the demo on web cameras and video files simultaneously by specifying: `-i <webcam_id0>,<webcam_id1>,<video_file1>,<video_file2>` with paths to webcams and video files separated by a comma. To run the demo with a single input source (a web camera or a video file), but several channels, specify an additional parameter, `duplicate_num`, for example: `-duplicate_num 4`. You will see four channels. With several input sources, the `-duplicate_num` parameter will duplicate each of them.
```

Reviewer: There are multiple places where that paragraph appears
